[docs][charts] Add composition sections (#17377)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/radar/radar.md

## Composition

For composition, use the **RadarDataProvider** to provide `series` and `radar` props.

In addition to the common chart components available for [composition](https://next.mui.com/x/react-charts/composition/), you can use the following components:

> - For axes
>   - **RadarGrid**: renders the grid and stripes.
>   - **RadarMetricLabels**: renders metric labels around the grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For axes:
  - `<RadarGrid />` renders the grid and stripes.
  - `<RadarMetricLabels />` renders metric labels around the grid.
```

> - For data
>   - **RadarSeriesPlot**: renders series (the area and the marks) on top of each other.
>   - **RadarSeriesArea**: renders series area.
>   - **RadarSeriesMarks**: renders series marks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For data:
  - `<RadarSeriesPlot />` renders series (the area and the marks) on top of each other.
  - `<RadarSeriesArea />` renders series area.
  - `<RadarSeriesMarks />` renders series marks.
```

> - For interaction
>   - **RadarAxisHighlight**: renders line and marks along the highlighted axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For interaction:
  - `<RadarAxisHighlight />` renders a line and marks along the highlighted axis.
```

:::info

> The **RadarSeriesPlot** renders all series together, such that the area of the second series is on top of the marks of the the first one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<RadarSeriesPlot />` renders all series together, such that the area of the second series is on top of the marks of the first one.
```

> The **RadarSeriesArea** and **RadarSeriesMarks** allow to render all marks on top of all areas.
> Plus it allows to render some components between the areas and the marks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<RadarSeriesArea />` and `<RadarSeriesMarks />` allow rendering all marks on top of all areas.
It also allows rendering some components between the areas and the marks.
```

:::

{{"demo": "CompositionExample.js" }}

> Here's how the Radar Chart is composed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is how the Radar Chart is composed:
```
